🌊 Memory map WAVE files into numpy arrays 🌊

The actual samples from a WAVE file appear as entries in a numpy array.

See documentation for numpy.memmap

If you open the file in 'r+' mode, you can even rewrite the samples on
disk that way.

API
===

Class ``wavemap.RawMap``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(`wavemap.py, 57-118 <https://github.com/rec/wavemap/blob/master/wavemap.py#L57-L118>`_)

"Memory map raw audio data from a disk file into a numpy matrix

``wavemap.RawMap.__new__()``
____________________________

.. code-block:: python

  wavemap.RawMap.__new__(
       cls,
       filename,
       dtype,
       channels,
       offset=0,
       length=None,
       mode='r',
       shape=None,
       order=None,
       always_2d=False,
       warn=<function warn at 0x10ea177b8>,
  )

(`wavemap.py, 60-114 <https://github.com/rec/wavemap/blob/master/wavemap.py#L60-L114>`_)

Create and return a new object.  See help(type) for accurate signature.

Class ``wavemap.WaveReadMap``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(`wavemap.py, 120-168 <https://github.com/rec/wavemap/blob/master/wavemap.py#L120-L168>`_)

"Memory-map an existing wave file into a numpy matrix

``wavemap.WaveReadMap.__new__()``
_________________________________

.. code-block:: python

  wavemap.WaveReadMap.__new__(
       cls,
       filename,
       mode='r',
       order=None,
       always_2d=False,
       warn=<function warn at 0x10ea177b8>,
  )

(`wavemap.py, 123-168 <https://github.com/rec/wavemap/blob/master/wavemap.py#L123-L168>`_)

Create and return a new object.  See help(type) for accurate signature.

Class ``wavemap.WaveWriteMap``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(`wavemap.py, 170-256 <https://github.com/rec/wavemap/blob/master/wavemap.py#L170-L256>`_)

"Memory-map a new wave file

``wavemap.WaveWriteMap.__new__()``
__________________________________

.. code-block:: python

  wavemap.WaveWriteMap.__new__(
       cls,
       filename,
       dtype,
       shape,
       sample_rate,
       length=None,
       warn=<function warn at 0x10ea177b8>,
  )

(`wavemap.py, 183-256 <https://github.com/rec/wavemap/blob/master/wavemap.py#L183-L256>`_)

Create and return a new object.  See help(type) for accurate signature.

``wavemap.WaveMap(filename, mode='r', *args, **kwargs)``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(`wavemap.py, 262-271 <https://github.com/rec/wavemap/blob/master/wavemap.py#L262-L271>`_)

Return an instance of ``WaveReadMap`` or ``WaveWriteMap``, depending on
``mode``.

See the documentation of these classes for full signatures.

(automatically generated by `doks <https://github.com/rec/doks/>`_ on 2020-12-27T18:47:05.833215)
